feat: run context (#237)
agno-agi/docs: concepts/agents/state.mdx

---
title: Agent State
description: Learn how to share data between runs in a session.
---

Your Agents will often need to access certain data during a session. It could be a todo list, the user profile, or anything else.

When this data needs to remain accessible across runs, or needs to be updated during the session, you want to consider it **state data**.

State data will be accessible from tool calls, pre-hooks and post-hooks, and other functions that are part of the Agent run. You will also be able to use it in the system message, to ultimately present it to the Model.

## What is State data?

A simple yet common use case for Agents is to manage lists for a user. For example: a shopping list, a todo list, or a wishlist.

Because this list should be available across the session, and will be updated at times, it should be considered **state data**.

The Agent will be able to access and update that data in tool calls, hooks, and also to expose it to the Model via the system message.

> The session state will be persisted in the database if one is available to the Agent.

Author: Agree!

<Note>

> **Understanding Agent "Statelessness"**: Agents in Agno don't maintain working state between different sessions or runs, but they do provide state management capabilities:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Understanding Agent "Statelessness"**: Agents in Agno don't maintain working state directly on the `Agent` object in memory. Instead they provide state management capabilities:
```
